Automated Tests Cases

LOGIN001 - Validate login screen labels and button
Description: Access application and validate if labels and buttons are there as expected.
Expected Result: Username, Password and Login button exists on the application.

LOGIN002 - Successful Login - standard_user
Description: Login with standard_user into the application.
Expected Result: User standard_user is able to access the page after login and the content is correct.

LOGIN003 - Successful Login - problem_user
Description: Login with problem_user into the application.
Expected Result: User standard_user is able to access the page, however, the content is not correct.

LOGIN004 - Successful Login - performance_glitch_user
Description: Login with performance_glitch_user into the application.
Expected Result: User performance_glitch_user is able to access the page, however, there's a performance issue as the application takes some time to load the content page.

LOGIN005 - Unsuccessful Login - empty username
Description: Try to login without a username into the application.
Expected Result: Can't login into the system, error message appears "Epic sadface: Username is required"

LOGIN006 - Unsuccessful Login - empty password
Description: Try to login without a password into the application.
Expected Result: Can't login into the system, error message appears "Epic sadface: Password is required"

LOGIN007 - Unsuccessful Login - user not in system
Description: Try to login user not registered into the application.
Expected Result: Can't login into the system, error message appears "Epic sadface: Username and password do not match any user in this service"

LOGIN008 - Unsuccessful Login - locked_out_user
Description: Try to login with locked_out_user into the application.
Expected Result: Can't login into the system, error message appears "Epic sadface: Sorry, this user has been locked out."

----------------------
Manual Test Cases

LOGIN009 - Validate if username and password have a minimum limit of characters
LOGIN010 - Validate if username and password have a maximum limit of characters
LOGIN011 - Validate if user can close the Epic sadface message

LOGIN012 - Unsuccessful Login - any of the registered users with a wrong password
Description: Try to login with any registered user with a wrong password into the application.
Expected Result: Can't login into the system, error message appears "Epic sadface: Username and password do not match any user in this service"



















